# SubSearch

## What is SubSearch?

*SubSearch* is a tool that watches a directory for incoming video files (tvshows) and downloads subtitles for them.

When a file arrives, SubSearch will see that because it watches for inotify events. Therefor this only works on linux for now.

## How does it work?

When a file appears in the directory you're watching, the following will happen:

1) It will try to parse the filename to: title, seasonnumber and episodenumber.

2) It will search podnapisi for English subtitles (skipping those for the hearing impared)

3) It will download and extract the remaining subtitles to the directory you're watching

## Demo

My first screencast on youtube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bTfcZ0t4Z0

## Why was this made?

This program was made, because this will save me a lot of time in the future :-)

I know it is not very well written. If you want to refacter, be my guest and send a merge request.

## How to install?

1) Download the sources

2) bundle install

3) Modify the path variable in sub_search.rb

4) Modify the shell script to your needs in order to start sub_search

## Starting at boottime
In order to make SubSearch start at boot, I've choosen to do it through the crontab and using screen.

I had to create a shell script in order to bootstrap rvm.

``` bash
tom@pollux ~ $ crontab -l
# DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE - edit the master and reinstall.
# (/tmp/crontab.XXXXtwTd0S installed on Sat Mar  3 09:43:10 2012)
# (Cron version V5.0 -- $Id: crontab.c,v 1.12 2004/01/23 18:56:42 vixie Exp $)
@reboot (cd ~/sub_search && screen -S sub_search -d -m ./sub_search.sh)
```

## Notes
The program has been created on ruby-1.9.3p125.

I hope you like this!

Regards,
TvL2386
